Feature/update aspnet grpc wcf net 5 (#21984)
dotnet/docs: docs/architecture/grpc-for-wcf-developers/client-libraries.md

## Summary

> The `IAsyncEnumerable` and `IObservable` models are both well-supported and well-documented ways of dealing with asynchronous streams of data in .NET. gRPC streams map well to both paradigms, offering close integration with .NET, and reactive and asynchronous programming styles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The <xref:System.IAsyncDisposable> and <xref:System.IObservable%601> models are both well-supported and well-documented ways of dealing with asynchronous streams of data in .NET. gRPC streams map well to both paradigms, offering close integration with .NET, and reactive and asynchronous programming styles.
```
